Refactor issue templates (#3597)
dotnet/roslyn-analyzers: GuidelinesForNewRules.md

﻿Guidelines for contributing a new Code Analysis (CA) rule to the repo
=================================================================

> 1. File an issue describing your proposed rule prior to working on a PR. This will ensure that the rule gets triaged and there is no duplicate work involved from an existing rule OR another contributor working on a similar rule. Issue shall be opened at [dotnet/runtime/issues](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc) with [code-analyzer](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Acode-analyzer+sort%3Aupdated-desc) label for .NET API related suggestions, or [here](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn-analyzers/issues/new) for other suggestions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. File an issue describing your proposed rule prior to working on a PR. This will ensure that the rule gets triaged and there is no duplicate work involved from an existing rule OR another contributor working on a similar rule.
   1. For .NET API related analyzer suggestions, please open an issue at [dotnet/runtime/issues](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc) with [code-analyzer](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Acode-analyzer+sort%3Aupdated-desc) label.
   2. For non-API related analyzer suggestions, please open an issue in this repo over [here](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn-analyzers/issues/new).
```

﻿Guidelines for contributing a new Code Analysis (CA) rule to the repo
=================================================================

1. File an issue describing your proposed rule prior to working on a PR. This will ensure that the rule gets triaged and there is no duplicate work involved from an existing rule OR another contributor working on a similar rule.
   1. For .NET API related analyzer suggestions, please open an issue at [dotnet/runtime/issues](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc) with [code-analyzer](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Acode-analyzer+sort%3Aupdated-desc) label.

>    2. For non-API related analyzer suggestions, please open an issue in this repo over [here](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn-analyzers/issues/new).

Reviewer 2: The current link will open an empty issue template. The suggested change should fix that.

```suggestion
   2. For non-API related analyzer suggestions, please open an issue in this repo over [here](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn-analyzers/issues/new?template=suggest-a-new-rule.md).
```

Author: That's a good point!
